Summarise your findings here (see specification).

We are asked to determine which mystery board matches each of the
three 'difficulty' descriptions in Question 5.

To measure a sudoku board's difficulty, there are a number of
different methods:

- For example, it could be the number of 'given'
  digits in the sudoku board - the more pre-supplied
  digits, the easier the puzzle
- Alternatively, it may be the techniques used in
  solving the sudoku board that determines its
  difficulty - in sudoku, there are 'advanced' techniques,
  such as 'swordfish' or 'X-wing', that are generally considered
  more complex than techniques, such as 'crosshatching'.

Under our sudoku solver, we can only determine whether a move is
'valid' or not - a move is considered valid if it satisfies the
Boolean make_move function in our sudoku.cpp file.

Given this, I will determine each board's difficulty by considering
two different scoring elements:
- (1) A 'move score' score - for each board, we calculate how many
      valid moves there are at the beginning of the puzzle.
- (2) A 'backwards recursion' score - for each board, we count how
      many times we went back to a previously placed digit and removed
      it as we determined that it was no longer valid later on.

The results for each board include:

Easy

Move score: 190
Backwards recursion score: 2116

Medium

Move score: 204
Backwards recursion score: 15605

Mystery1

Move score: 227
Backwards recursion score: 421488

Mystery2

Move score: 205
Backwards recursion score: 11532

Mystery3

Move score: 222
Backwards recursion score: 14076



Conclusion:

Given the above, and combined with the results from Question 4, we can
see that Mystery2 is the sudoku board that is 'impossible to
solve'.

In determining which of Mystery1 and Mystery3 is categorised with a
difficulty of 'hard' and 'extremely hard', we can see that whilst the
move scores for each are very close (a difference of only 5), the
backwards recursion score for Mystery1 is almost 30x higher than
Mystery3. Therefore, I believe that Mystery1 is the board with 'extremely hard'
difficulty and Mystery3 is the board with 'hard' difficulty.

Notably, the backwards recursion score for Mystery3 is lower than the
backwards recursion score for the sudoku board classified as 'Medium'
difficulty. However, the move score is greater, perhaps suggesting
that this is a better proxy for determining a sudoku board's difficulty.

This is certainly not conclusive in and of itself, as these two
scoring elements in conjunction with other methods (including those
listed above) will provide a more detailed and nuanced view of a
sudoku board's difficulty.   



